README.md, before:

# CIS-350-Term-Project

## Authors
**Ben Allen**  
Github:[@AllenStudent](https://www.github.com/AllenStudent)  
Email:[allebenj@mail.gvsu.edu](mailto:allebenj@mail.gvsu.edu)  

**Devin Elenbaase**  
Github:[@elenbaad](https://www.github.com/elenbaad)  
Email:[elenbaad@mail.gvsu.edu](mailto:elenbaad@mail.gvsu.edu)  

**Bryan VanDyke**  
Github:[@bryanvandyke](https://www.github.com/bryanvandyke)  
Email:[vandybry@mail.gvsu.edu](mailto:vandybry@mail.gvsu.edu)  

**WIP**
## Synopsis
**Studious** is planned to be an android-based student organizational assistant, with primary feature goals being...
1. Calendar/Event-planner to allow students to keep track of their upcoming exams, projects, presentations, and etc. in one place.
2. Ability to keep track of how many work-hours have been committed to a single project/goal.
3. Ability to set weekly goals/to-do lists for work-hours put toward specific projects.
 

This will assist a student in organizing and using their time efficiently through the chaos that is college scheduling.

A possible secondary stretch feature would be a repository for students to upload a certain professor's general assignment scheduling for a specific class. E.G. allowing students to see if their CIS 350 class will have a semester-long group project as opposed to CIS 241 having 4 individual projects throughout the semester.

Commit message:

Add android project. See readme for install instructions.

README.md, after:

# CIS-350-Term-Project

## INSTALL
1. Clone this repository in your intellij IdeasProject directory.
2. If you already have an android project copy the local.properties into project.
3. If you don't, rename local.properties.bak to local.properties and set the skd.dir
4. Open project. Intellij will take a few minutes to rebuild gradle.
5. Build project
6. Run project. You may have to create/configure a virtual android phone first.

## Authors
**Ben Allen**  
Github:[@AllenStudent](https://www.github.com/AllenStudent)  
Email:[allebenj@mail.gvsu.edu](mailto:allebenj@mail.gvsu.edu)  

**Devin Elenbaase**  
Github:[@elenbaad](https://www.github.com/elenbaad)  
Email:[elenbaad@mail.gvsu.edu](mailto:elenbaad@mail.gvsu.edu)  

**Bryan VanDyke**  
Github:[@bryanvandyke](https://www.github.com/bryanvandyke)  
Email:[vandybry@mail.gvsu.edu](mailto:vandybry@mail.gvsu.edu)  

**WIP**
## Synopsis
**Studious** is planned to be an android-based student organizational assistant, with primary feature goals being...
1. Calendar/Event-planner to allow students to keep track of their upcoming exams, projects, presentations, and etc. in one place.
2. Ability to keep track of how many work-hours have been committed to a single project/goal.
3. Ability to set weekly goals/to-do lists for work-hours put toward specific projects.
 

This will assist a student in organizing and using their time efficiently through the chaos that is college scheduling.

A possible secondary stretch feature would be a repository for students to upload a certain professor's general assignment scheduling for a specific class. E.G. allowing students to see if their CIS 350 class will have a semester-long group project as opposed to CIS 241 having 4 individual projects throughout the semester.
